Recursive humor -- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recursion

Recursion is sometimes used humorously in computer science, programming, philosophy, or mathematics textbooks,
generally by giving a circular definition or self-reference, in which the putative recursive step does not 
get closer to a base case, but instead leads to an infinite regress. It is not unusual for such books to include
a joke entry in their glossary along the lines of:


    Recursion, see Recursion.[11]

A variation is found on page 269 in the index of some editions of Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie's book The C 
Programming Language; the index entry recursively references itself ("recursion 86, 139, 141, 182, 202, 269"). 
Early versions of this joke can be found in "Let's talk Lisp" by Laurent Siklóssy (published by Prentice Hall PTR 
on December 1, 1975 with a copyright date of 1976) and in "Software Tools" by Kernighan and Plauger (published by 
Addison-Wesley Professional on January 11, 1976). The joke also appears in "The UNIX Programming Environment" by 
Kernighan and Pike. It did not appear in the first edition of The C Programming Language. The joke is part of the 
Functional programming folklore and was already widespread in the functional programming community before the 
publication of the aforementioned books.

Another joke is that "To understand recursion, you must understand recursion."[11] In the English-language version 
of the Google web search engine, when a search for "recursion" is made, the site suggests "Did you mean: recursion."[12] 
An alternative form is the following, from Andrew Plotkin: "If you already know what recursion is, just remember 
the answer. Otherwise, find someone who is standing closer to Douglas Hofstadter than you are; then ask him or 
her what recursion is."

Recursive acronyms are other examples of recursive humor. PHP, for example, stands for "PHP Hypertext Preprocessor", 
WINE stands for "WINE Is Not an Emulator" GNU stands for "GNU's not Unix", and SPARQL denotes the "SPARQL Protocol 
and RDF Query Language".

 
